Deprecate ResourceDeleteSubcriber (#17076)
Sylius/Sylius: UPGRADE-1.14.md

1. The class `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Filter\Doctrine\PromotionCouponPromotionFilter` has been deprecated and will be removed in Sylius 2.0.

1. The class `Sylius\Bundle\AdminBundle\EventListener\ResourceDeleteSubscriber` has been deprecated and will be removed in Sylius 2.0.

>    Starting with this version, It has been replaced with the `ResourceDeleteListener`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The class `Sylius\Bundle\AdminBundle\EventListener\ResourceDeleteSubscriber` has been deprecated and will be removed in Sylius 2.0. 
   It will be replaced with the `ResourceDeleteListener`.
```
